THE PEOPLE [Twelve souls]

VAN [Sagittarius]
Van is a Guyanese-American writer and widower, and an adjunct professor at the University across the street from the diner. He grades papers at the diner every day and so is well-known to Mazzy. A tall, slender bordering on frail Libra, he is accomodating and a good listener, and let's Mazzy vent and pontificate about astrology, among numerous other topics. The two have a natural rapport, and enjoy each other's company. One branch of their seemingly endless dialogue sees Mazzy reading Van's birth chart, and the seeds of love are sewn. We learn about Van's dead wife, his struggles writing, and his horrible self-doubt, which Mazzy's presence soothes. 

JUDITH [Cancer/Leo cusp]
The professional astronomer to Mazzy's amateur astrologer, Judith is a professor at the university, an avid chess player, and the result of a long, fabulous and challenging life. She's tough, a bit batty, and wildly funny, and Mazzy, Marco the bartender and Mickey the barback get an enormous kick out of riling her up. She sits at the corner of the bar eating sweets and playing chess with herself when not on a tirade about her overly-sensitive graduate students or the insidiousness of mysticism, which she views as the work of charlatans. Judith is a surrogate for Mazzy's dead mother, both the force against which she presses her still-molten views on the world, and the stars, and the love she seeks. 

DIANE [Capricorn] 
The closest thing to a diety the game has, Diane is the head short-order cook for the diner, and the subject of many of Mazzy's tidings. An example: "Intrepid Aries might wanna try tonight's dinner special: chef Diane's famous "as above so below" chili con carne. Lol jk it's delicious!!!" Mazzy idolizes Diane, whom she's worked with for years, and is subtly trying to get her into treatment for alcohol abuse. 

MICKEY [Scorpio]

MARCO [Libra]

LUTHER [Unknown]
Luther is the grizzled, taciturn mystery man who sits in a booth alone drinking Sea Breezes. Mazzy gets nearly nothing from him all game, and there's only one narrow branch of conversation that can lead to any kind of insight into who Luther is and where he comes from. The rest of the branches are cold, dead ends. 


