The Luna Diner is a 2D mobile pixel art game and visual novel by Timothy Stanley. 

The Luna Diner takes place over the course of a single night on the eve of a total solar eclipse. You play as Mazzy, a forty-something waitress and amateur astrologer. Over the course of a single double shift, Mazzy has a series of conversations with diner customers, mainly a ragtag crew of lonely regulars who adore Mazzy and seek her attention, even if they're tired of her endless horoscoping and star chatter. Mazzy converses with her patrons on a variety of topics: love & death, reality tv, the minutiae of workaday life and the exploding maxutiae of the cosmos. Coloring these mundane chats is the anticipation of the rare natural phenomenon occuring simultaneously with Mazzy's clocking out. The eclipse functions as the both the climax of the novel and the objective of the game. 

THE V01D
The Void app is an inclusive social media community for aspiring astrolgers and star gazers. Void users compose cosmic "tidings," tweet-like musings that are shared with the user's followers. Tidings are sent out into the Void, where a randomized selection of Voiderz can read and react to them. Mazzy is an avid Voider with a healthy following, and composes her musings regularly over the course of her shift. Her tidings are diner-themed, with cringy puns on breakfast foods and their comic correlation to planetary alignment and the signs of the zodiac. 

ALCHEMY OF THE V01D
During the course of her convos, shown as pixel text, certain bits of discourse, known as "jists" become "collectable" to the player, and, if chosen, are inventoried in Mazzy's Void profile. When Mazzy takes a smoke break, or goes to the bathroom, or just needs a second to herself in the walk-in freezer, she can use these bits of conversation as building blocks for her tidings. This is the currency of the game. The player combines the stored jists to form Mazzy's tidings. 

THE QUEST
The quest paths through The Luna Diner are the branches of dialogue Mazzy and her customers share, and the player can choose. To access the SemiTruckConjunction, for example, the moment a large delivery truck gets stuck attempting a U-turn on the diner's street to the fascination of its customers and employees, Mazzy must coax Judith into an argument about science vs. theosophy. The main path through the game ends with Mazzy and love interest Van viewing the solar eclipse together as the sun rises. 

THE PEOPLE [Twelve souls]

VAN [Sagittarius]
Van is a Guyanese-American writer and widower, and an adjunct professor at the University across the street from the diner. He grades papers at the diner every day and so is well-known to Mazzy. A tall, slender bordering on frail Libra, he is accomodating and a good listener, and let's Mazzy vent and pontificate about astrology, among numerous other topics. The two have a natural rapport, and enjoy each other's company. One branch of their seemingly endless dialogue sees Mazzy reading Van's birth chart, and the seeds of love are sewn. We learn about Van's dead wife, his struggles writing, and his horrible self-doubt, which Mazzy's presence soothes. 

JUDITH [Cancer/Leo cusp]
The professional astronomer to Mazzy's amateur astrologer, Judith is a professor at the university, an avid chess player, and the result of a long, fabulous and challenging life. She's tough, a bit batty, and wildly funny, and Mazzy, Marco the bartender and Mickey the barback get an enormous kick out of riling her up. She sits at the corner of the bar eating sweets and playing chess with herself when not on a tirade about her overly-sensitive graduate students or the insidiousness of mysticism, which she views as the work of charlatans. Judith is a surrogate for Mazzy's dead mother, both the force against which she presses her still-molten views on the world, and the stars, and the love she seeks. 

DIANE [Capricorn] 
The closest thing to a diety the game has, Diane is the head short-order cook for the diner, and the subject of many of Mazzy's tidings. An example: "Intrepid Aries might wanna try tonight's dinner special: chef Diane's famous "as above so below" chili con carne. Lol jk it's delicious!!!" Mazzy idolizes Diane, whom she's worked with for years, and is subtly trying to get her into treatment for alcohol abuse. 

MICKEY [Scorpio]

MARCO [Libra]

LUTHER [Unknown]
Luther is the grizzled, taciturn mystery man who sits in a booth alone drinking Sea Breezes. Mazzy gets nearly nothing from him all game, and there's only one narrow branch of conversation that can lead to any kind of insight into who Luther is and where he comes from. The rest of the branches are cold, dead ends. 


